welcome to Marwin is the most original
film of the year what happened to you I
got beaten within an inch of my life
because I was different some Nazi thugs
jumped him so I created a world where I
can be anyone I want these are the women
of Marwan God's people you know yeah
there's bar Lala you can't keep on
running away Julie I got your back
Roberta and Nicole I just moved in
across this gene this is hoagie kind of
a braver version of me we're one in the
same pal I thought I heard you yelling
for more gumbo not gumbo no gumbo
this Christmas the only way you're gonna
get better is if you face those jerks
who beat you up
based on an inspirational true story
Jesus of a man who turned treasure
I've got you what you got to embrace
their Kmart into triumph I have my art
and we have my friends I have hope
that's something they can't take away
from me tail yeah
from the groundbreaking director of
force go don't just imagine yourself as
a hero be one in real life
welcome to home you are safe
welcome to healing to life to love to
Marwan
welcome to Marwan
[Music]